Fix/update extends cmds in docs (#571)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/operate/daily-chores.md

### Extend sectors

{{< alert icon="warning" >}}
Please note that for the Lotus v1.22.1 both the `lotus-miner sectors extend` and `lotus-miner sectors renew` commands exists. In this guide we explain how to extend sectors in Lotus v1.23.0 or higher.
{{< /alert >}}

You can extend a sector with the command:

```shell
lotus-miner sectors extend [command options] [arguments...]
```

This is an example of selecting sectors with a lifecycle between `epochnumber-a` epoch and `epochnumber-b` epoch and updating it to 1555200 epoch:

```shell
lotus-miner sectors extend  --from <epochnumber-a> --to <epochnumber-b> --new-expiration 1555200
```

This is an example of updating the lifecycle of a sector read from a file to 1555200 epoch:

```shell
lotus-miner sectors extend  --sector-file <your-sectorfile> --new-expiration 1555200
```

{{< alert icon="warning" >}}

> If you are using a sectorfile to extend sectors, please note that you will need to specify a sectorID per line in the textfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a sector file to extend sectors, please note that you will need to specify a sectorID per line in the textfile.
```
